name=date, type=radio
name=utc, type=text
name=jd, type=text
name=lat, type=text
name=ns, type=radio
name=lon, type=text
name=ew, type=radio
name=coords, type=checkbox
name=moonp, type=checkbox
name=deep, type=checkbox
name=deepm, type=text
name=consto, type=checkbox
name=constn, type=checkbox
name=consta, type=checkbox
name=consts, type=checkbox
name=constb, type=checkbox
name=limag, type=text
name=starn, type=checkbox
name=starnm, type=text
name=starb, type=checkbox
name=starbm, type=text
name=flip, type=checkbox
name=imgsize, type=text
name=dynimg, type=checkbox
name=fontscale, type=text
name=scheme, type=select
name=edump, type=checkbox
name=elements, type=textarea
name=None, type=submit